Add reports (#43)
BlueBrain/libsonata: CMakeLists.txt

set(CMAKE_MODULE_PATH ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/CMake)
set(CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_ALL_DEPENDENCY true)

> set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 14)

Author: std::make_unique, but I can always use std::unique_ptr<T>(new T(...)) in case this would cause problems

> set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 14)

Reviewer: nope, it's fine, was just wondering.

`make_unique` is much nicer.

set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON)

set(SONATA_INCLUDE_DIR ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/include)

> set(SONATA_SRC_DIR ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/src)

Author: It is there because the tests use header files that are on src directory

> set(SONATA_SRC_DIR ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/src)

Reviewer: This applies to the whole project though, so I'm not sure it's the right way to do this.  

I'm not a CMake expert (can @tristan0x or @matz-e comment?) but a I think a couple options are that the headers search path should only be modified for only the tests portion, or the tests directly reference their location.

# Dependencies
# =============================================================================

find_package(MPI)
if (MPI_FOUND)
    set(HDF5_PREFER_PARALLEL "ON")
    add_definitions(-DHAVE_MPI)
    include_directories (${MPI_INCLUDE_PATH})
endif()

find_package(HDF5)
if (HDF5_FOUND)

>     if (HDF5_IS_PARALLEL)

Reviewer: We are getting into combinatoric blowup realm here; the final PR will have to include updates to the testing to make sure all the versions are covered.  

Currently I'm seeing
MPI{ON/OFF} / HDF5{ON/OFF} / HDF5_IS_PARALLEL {ON/OFF} ...

>         include_directories (${HDF5_INCLUDE_DIRS})

Author: sure, thanks for pointing it out!

        set (HDF5_LIBS ${HDF5_LIBRARIES})
    else()

>         message (STATUS "HDF5 found, but no parallel IO support was found, HDF5 support in replib will be disabled")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        message (STATUS "HDF5 found, but no parallel IO support was found, HDF5 support in the reporting library will be disabled")
```

Reviewer: 'the reporting library' is an internal name that might not mean something to people using the library.

Author: Maybe "reports will be disabled"?

target_link_libraries(sonata_shared
    PRIVATE fmt::fmt-header-only
    PRIVATE HighFive

>     ${MPI_CXX_LIBRARIES}

Reviewer: Are these `private`?

Author: Yup

    PRIVATE $<TARGET_PROPERTY:HighFive,INTERFACE_INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES>
)

include_directories(${SONATA_INCLUDE_DIR})

> include_directories(${SONATA_SRC_DIR})

Reviewer: why is a source directory being added as an include dir?

Author: needed by tests

Reviewer: Refer to above
